now if you blame some Muslim country
will not give you that freedom to as it
is region say inside of Arabia they said
this Bible is banned the Bible is banned
individually you take it they don't
interfere but to go and propagate the
book they will not allow it because none
of us is known because because they say
that in the Bible there are things they
are not be freaking what you said about
pornography that you have together
partner Guffey this book happens to be a
pornography of the highest order
lose the highest owner this is not
pictures look pitching now word pictures
are here you open up Genesis chapter 19
and movie and you read about lot and his
two daughters
night after night not nostalgic only
these missing Jesus meant a strong but
nice listen to see me listen to my son
lot he committed incest with his
brothers night after night came he made
them pregnant both of his daughters were
pregnant by the father and there is not
a single word of reprimand from God
Almighty Phillip is a prophet of God we
then then then steal Genesis the first
book of the Bible Genesis chapter 25
verse 22 speaks about Ruben the elder
son of Jacob he was introduced with his
father's wife Bilhah remember reading
that and then along you see that this is
not what I said what the model of that
sin father comedy with his with his
goddess was another son prohibiting with
this mother was another then you read
further Genesis chapter 38 he speaks
about jewel at the father of the Jewish
race he went sin prohibits with his
godly Tamar
by the roadside and he makes her
pregnant and she beat extremes
Phares and Zara Hoover Commission
you see when I'm talking from the other
point of view that this is pornography
is yes the reason for Saudi Arabia
doesn't right she said this is all
pornography brother living sister
son son doing wholesale grape of his
mother's wholesale rate on the Bible but
mystery